Yeah, of course.
Hey everyone.
I hope everyone's doing well.
My name is JB.
I work at Anthropic on the Claude Code team.
So I built some of the features
that you might see in Claude Code
such as the VS Code extension, checkpointing,
some of the general performance work
like speeding it up.
So I hope you've been enjoying using Claude Code.
Excited to hear your questions and hope I can answer
any questions that you might have about Claude Code,
about Anthropic, about AI.
Happy to talk about anything.
Hello. Okay, let's start.
So I think you have a question here, right?
The question about system prompt design Claude Code,
I'm wondering to know about who designed the personality
and the morality about Claude Code
and the safety guard of your system.
Yeah, so we actually have several people working on it.
A lot of the prompts actually come from Boris,
who started Claude Code, and I think he wrote
the initial set of tool prompts as well as
the system prompt.
And we usually have people in safeguards,
so we also have a different safeguard team,
a red-teaming team who actually looks through the prompts,
reads through the prompts, and edits it
as safety scenarios.
And then we have teams that actually test
the capability to see at what threat level
we sort of put it at.
So now we're at ASL-3, but it really also depends
on both the model as well as the Claude Code harness.
The short answer is several different groups of people.
Usually the prompt starts with the Claude Code team,
one of us sort of comes with the first draft,
and then we edit it based on the feedback that we get,
we edit it based on what the safeguard team
comes back to us with.
So after a couple of editing, a couple of iterations,
then we release it.
But it usually comes from us first.
Next question.
Hi JB.
I found you on LinkedIn.
I'm coming from tonight,
actually there was a meetup from ThaiPy.
It's a monthly Python meetup
that we have in Bangkok.
30 to 40 people every month.
Several times a year we have a vibe coding event
where we are given problems
and we all just vibe code as a group.
Actually we're looking for sponsors
and we wanted to see if...
Not a joke! Not a joke.
No, but we were asking for potentially
maybe a partnership with Anthropic.
Even just as simple as keys for that night
for us all to have access to an LLM
just for a vibe coding problem.
So what I'm going to do is
I'm going to try to connect with you on LinkedIn
and maybe we can talk there.
Would you accept my request and can we talk there?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean I think you should speak with Eric.
I think Eric sort of organizes some of this stuff
and so he may be able to help you set that up.
I myself am an engineer
and so I don't have input on that kind of stuff.
I'm sorry, speak with who?
As an engineer, partnerships is not really
my main focus for work
and so it's going to be hard.
Yeah, I thought I heard you say speak with Eric.
Is that what you said?
Can you hear me?
Yeah, we can hear you.
Yes, I'm saying I'm an engineer
and so this is not my main area of focus.
I'm happy to answer any questions
around C and stuff
but I myself do not handle the partnerships
and or hosting events and or sponsoring events.
Okay, alright, maybe you can point me
in the right direction of who to speak to after the event?
Yeah, sure, let's go to the next question.
Thank you.
So I have a question about the agent skills.
Can you show me some example
or show me the best practice
to write the agent skill for Claude Code?
What do you mean by agent skill?
It's the agent skill that used with Claude Code.
Oh, okay, yeah, like the skills. Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so skills are interesting
and so skills are supported in both Claude Code
and outside of Claude Code as well.
It's in general something that we train into our models.
The idea behind skills is that
there are so many different skills,
it's sort of one of the things we crowdsource
and so you can download skills from online.
And all it is is basically just like
a dynamically loaded prompt.
And so someone else can write the prompt
and it basically loads dynamically.
In the very beginning, it only takes the top part,
so the description and the name of the skill
that's actually in the system prompt.
And then when that's actually required,
it will actually load the entire contents of the skill
so you can use it as a prompt.
And one thing that's interesting about skills is that
in the future, I think one of the ways we think about it is
that in the future,
there may or may not be writing much less code.
And instead of writing code,
our jobs may be just to be writing prompts, right?
And so skills is one way of basically allowing us
to get to that world where we're focused more
on writing prompts than writing code itself.
And so instead of thinking about,
if I need to do something, I'm just going to write code.
In the future, it may become like, I need to do something,
I need to build a website,
I need to make a system that does billing.
Instead of writing code, I just write a prompt
and then the LLM will take that prompt
and make working code out of it.
And so I think skills in a future world
where we look ahead where the models are getting better
and the coding engines are getting better,
it may be the case that skills are,
you know, the skill and the way the prompts are packaged
are like the future of how you write code.
Like almost in the way
like right now you use like a programming library,
in the future you might just be using a skill
sort of as a library rather than just actually coding
in the same way you use a library
instead of actually writing the code yourself
for certain functionalities.
Thank you.
Okay, next question.
Someone want to ask the question first or...
Okay, so can you hear me?
Yes, thank you.
I have a maybe a funny question.
Which one is more important to you, model or harness?
Like, which one between, you know what I mean,
like Claude Code or the model itself,
which one is more important?
Right. I think they're both very important.
I think what we've found is that
the model and harness work together to achieve the goal.
I think in a lot of ways, yeah,
I think there is a distinction,
but I think in a lot of ways they're kind of the same.
In the sense that it's almost like if you think about it,
if you look at the model itself,
the model is considered as one giant thing,
but if you look at the inside of the model,
there are like different stages and different components.
And so we group them together and call it a model,
and then we group something like Claude Code together
and call it a harness,
but they're ultimately just different stages
in the pipeline of the product that we deliver.
In my opinion,
both the model and harness are very important,
and I think the model and harness work together
to actually give you the agentic coding results
that you see with Claude Code.
In a lot of ways,
I think both are extremely important,
and so it's hard to say.
Although the model, as you can think,
it's actually a little bit more,
like you can use it for more than just with the harness.
Like you can actually use it on claude.ai,
you can use it like as an API,
and so it's a little bit more general purpose
than the specific harness with Claude Code.
Thank you.
Okay, hi. So we've got a question
from our audience from the YouTube.
So there's a question:
How many lines of the code in Claude Code
are generated from Claude Code?
Oh, yeah. We use Claude Code a lot
to write the code for Claude Code.
I can't tell you the exact number of lines,
but yeah, we use it a lot.
And a lot of it we, obviously we review it,
we test it ourselves.
I think, like any other thing that we code
and like what we recommend,
it usually makes sense for you to have
the LLM write the code first,
and then you review it as a person,
and then you make sure everything makes sense,
you try to understand it,
and then you test it out
to make sure all is good before you submit it.
And that's usually what we do as well.
Like we rely on Claude Code a lot
in a lot of those areas,
but then we do have human involved
in making sure the code is correct,
making sure the code makes sense,
checking for security, checking for safeguards,
and checking for all those things along the line.
But yeah, we do use Claude Code a lot,
like a lot, a lot.
Hard to say what the percentage is,
but a huge part of Claude Code
is built by Claude Code.
Okay. So the next question is:
Any unpopular or unique techniques
to use Claude Code or AI efficiently?
Let me repeat the question.
The techniques to use Claude AI efficiently?
Yeah, your techniques or your unpopular techniques.
Yeah, I think using Claude correctly or efficiently
is a skill in itself.
I think when I first started,
I actually struggled to-
well, not struggled, but I think there are several things.
The model wasn't as good when I started,
but the model has gotten much better
since I started a year and a half ago.
The models are much more capable
and likely to get even better in the future.
But it is a skill,
and I think there are several things involved.
One is understanding what MCP tools to add,
what MCP tools and what skills
and what commands to add to your workflow.
And so we package these and we call them plugins.
And so you can actually see
there will be like an official plugin store
that we have,
and there are other sort of like
third-party plugin stores.
And those actually package
some of the skills that we have.
And so that includes like
having it write your git commit messages for you
to doing a code review pass for you,
and all those skills are useful
in my daily workflow.
I think another thing that is quite important
is actually understanding the context
that the model sees and really managing that context.
And so we have several things
that you use to control Claude, like claude.md.
And the claude.mds that you have,
they're extremely important to curate
what the model sees
and what the model understands
as you're working with it.
And claude.md also, we load several of them.
So we load the claude.md from the current directory
up until your home directory.
And so there is like a hierarchical structure
to claude.md.
And so you can actually structure it
so that each folder in your repository
has different claude.mds
that get loaded depending on
which folder you start Claude in.
And so understanding the context,
basically what's loaded into the conversation
and the system prompt of Claude Code,
I think is extremely important to use it effectively.
And I think it's sort of a skill
that you learn as you use it more.
Hi, my name is Paul.
I'd like you to explain more about
the context management
because everyone agrees that
it's a pain in the ass for everyone.
Could you please give us quick tips on that?
Thank you.
Yeah, sure.
I think as I said before,
claude.md is extremely important
for you to curate a good claude.md.
And I think another thing we tend to do quite a lot
at least within Anthropic is we have multiple Claudes.
And we usually just
instead of continuing a single conversation on and on,
we usually have whenever we need to do a task
that we can break down,
we spin up a new Claude to do it.
And we might do it in a separate worktree,
which is a git worktree,
which is effectively like a copy of the repo.
And so instead of having one single conversation
that does everything,
we have multiple conversations
with each with their own context
that handles, that breaks down this task.
And so in this way,
you don't have like one single conversation
with all the context that solves all your problems,
because that gets harder for the model
to effectively handle the context
around all the different problems that you have.
But instead if you have multiple Claudes,
like maybe five different Claudes
working on five different problems,
and each one is solving its own problem,
then that way you don't end up having
the context between the different problems
build up and affect
basically the task that you're trying to solve.
And so I think effectively managing
different contexts
and adding different Claude instances
for the problem you're trying to solve
allows you to basically break up
and use the context wisely
to just solve that unique problem
rather than trying to solve
a problem that's way too big for the context
and having a lot of unnecessary information
in the context.
Any other questions for follow-up there?
I'm happy to talk about it too.
Hey, how's it going? Kelly.
I guess my question is, first of all,
I use Claude Code exclusively for my entire stack.
Maybe 10% now is actually hand-written code.
But my question is,
I use worktrees and all that great stuff,
but I would really prefer to plan on,
I use the planning mode quite a bit,
I prefer to plan on my computer
and hand off to Claude Web.
But there's no like, after you plan it's like,
"Do you want to bypass?" or "Do you want to whatever?".
So how do you guys handle the planning locally
and pushing it to the web is my question.
Or are you coming out with that feature?
Because that would be nice.
Yeah, I think it's something that we'll have.
I need to check back with our release lead,
but I think it's definitely a use case that's important
that lets you push and pull from the web.
Yeah, I think it's something
we've definitely been exploring.
That's a great call. I think you're right in that
the web is going to be a huge part
for basically handing work off asynchronously
and not having to worry about worktrees locally.
Ok. So next question from our audience
from the YouTube นะครับ
The first question is: Can Claude Code
has context larger than 200,000 tokens?
Yeah, I think that
200,000 is our normal context size,
but we have released sort of experimental models
or with the API, like a larger context.
And so we are playing around with that,
it certainly is possible,
but it isn't something that is
in our main Claude Code for now,
but we are looking into that as a possibility
as some models can support larger context sizes.
Ok. So the next question is
how do you use multi-agents in your work?
Yeah, so we use it. I think it really depends
on the use case.
I think as I said before, we could have
basically multiple Claude instances.
That's one way. And then within each
Claude instance, there's also this idea
of subagents.
Subagents basically allow you
to parallelize work.
And so what that means is that,
for example, one thing I think
it does pretty well is like,
let's say there is an issue.
So there's a crash somewhere
in the codebase.
And I actually need to look at
the past 100 different commits,
to ask Claude to look at
the past 100 commits
to try to find out where we introduced
this bug.
And so that's a really common use case
for subagents.
And so what I usually would ask
it to do is like, "Oh, hey, Claude,
can you spin up like 10, 20
different subagents, look through
the last 100 commits,
and try to find the commits that are
likely to have caused this bug."
And it basically goes in and it tries
to look at the last 100 commits
to see what potentially caused
the issue.
And then it might come back with like
three or five possible commits.
And then that way I can look into it
and manually see which one
potentially caused the bug.
But something like that is really helpful
because otherwise it would have
taken me much longer to look through
100 different commits myself
to try to find out what could
have caused it.
That's one use case of subagents
that's really useful.
If you have easily parallelizable work
that can break down,
you can actually just tell Claude
to spin up 10 different subagents.
And the reason why it's not as good
to ask Claude to look through
100 commits without subagents
is that if it actually looked through
100 different commits by itself,
it would be too much
for the context to handle.
And so by spinning up subagents,
and each subagent taking on
a handful, like 5 to 10 commits,
then it wouldn't be too much.
It would be basically
breaking down the context again.
And so each subagent will maybe
identify one of the most
likely causes for the crash.
And then that way you'll be able
to really synthesize
and look through a larger set
of data.
And so that's a really common
use case for subagents.
Yeah, that would be all of our questions
from the YouTube.
Yeah, so I think we have
the time is almost over, right?
Do you want to wrap up?
Speak anything to the Claude Bangkok meet up?
Yeah, thanks everyone for coming.
I'm really excited to hear so many enthusiasts
from Claude for Claude Code.
I think we're working really hard
to try to get some of these features to you,
like the larger context sizes,
some of the better context management,
including being able to, we call it internally teleport,
where you basically take your current session
and send it to Claude Code web.
I think it's possible from the command line already.
I don't know if we fully released it,
but it's definitely coming up if it's not released.
We're working on tons of different features
and we hope that you like it.
As I've said before, I think one thing
that is quite important
and I kind of tell a lot of people about AI
is that, internally, the more I use AI,
the better I got at it.
Regardless of which AI agent you use,
Claude Code or Cursor or Gemini or whatever,
I think it is quite important.
I do think very strongly that the future of coding
is through AI agents
because using it every day,
the increase in productivity is crazy.
I've been working in software for like 20 years,
and so it's hard to really see a world
where we kind of go back to hand coding.
And so in a lot of ways,
it's just to basically start learning that skill
of how to use AI effectively.
I love that everyone is excited about Claude Code,
but I do also understand
that some people like different things.
But regardless, AI coding is a skill
that's worth investing in is my take.
Ok thank you.
Yeah, thank you so much everybody.
Bye, have a good day.